Kp/precourse intro (#3)
Ada-Accelerate-Curriculum/core-unit-1: preparing-for-ada/04-content-workflow.md

# Content Workflow
You should currently be able to view several units in Learn. In addition to the About Ada and Precourse units, you should see topics listed under the units CS Fundamentals, Software Development Tools, Projects, and Lightning Talks.

> We expect students to have a thorough understanding of the topics under these additional units prior to your first day at Ada in addition to the primary Precourse unit content. As we progress through Units 1-3, we will be adding further topics to these units. 

Reviewer: This isn't necessary, but it felt a little more natural to me to group the unit content together in the first sentence.

```suggestion
We expect students to have a thorough understanding of the topics under these additional units and the primary Precourse unit prior to the first day at Ada. As we progress through Units 1-3, you'll see further topics added to these and other units. 
```

## Precourse Completion Requirements

To complete Precourse, you must implement and submit the project Viewing Party. 

> All other content is optional and intended to serve as a resource for you to review and fill in any gaps in your knowledge base. You are not required to complete all problem sets or challenge questions contained within the Precourse curriculum. We suggest that you skim all of the topics and fully complete problem sets or challenge questions for any topics you feel you need more practice with. 

Reviewer 2: Lets chat about this in our sync

## Suggested Content Workflow

Below is a more detailed suggested workflow through the Precourse Curriculum. Some topics will have dedicated review sessions with instructor support through our Precourse Live sessions. 

| Unit               | Topic                        | Precourse Live Session                                 |
|:------------------:|:----------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|
| Precourse          | Preparing for Ada            | 10/18: Environment Setup                               |
| Precourse          | Fundamentals                 | 10/20: Python Fundamentals                             |
| Precourse          | What is Software Development |                                                        | 

> | Precourse          | Intro to Dev Environment     | 10/25: Intro to Debugging & Dev Environment            |

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to add "tips" or "workflow" to the end of "Dev Environment" here & on line 23 to make it clearer how this is different from "Environment Setup" on the first day?

| Precourse          | Approaching a  Problem       |                                                        |
| Precourse          | Intro to Debugging           | 10/25: Intro to Debugging & Dev Environment            |
| Precourse          | Representing Data            |                                                        |
| Precourse          | Iterating Over Data          |                                                        |
| Precourse          | Debugging Continued          |                                                        |
| Software Tools     | Using the Debugger           |                                                        |   
| Precourse          | Nested Data and Nested Loops | 10/27: Python Nested Data, Functions, Helper Functions | 
| CS Fundamentals    | Variables and Memory         |                                                        |

> | Software Tools     | Intro to Git                 | 11/1: Git                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Software Tools     | Intro to Git                 | 11/1: Git  Basics & Workflows                                |
```

> | Software Tools     | Intro to Git                 | 11/1: Git                                              |

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to expand the Precourse live description to something like "Git Basics and workflows" to give folks a little more context of what will be covered.

| Software Tools     | Managing Packages            |                                                        |
| Project            | Ada Project Practices        | 11/3, 11/8, 11/10: Coworking & Office                  |
| Project (Required) | Viewing Party                | 11/3, 11/8, 11/10: Coworking & Office                  |
| Project            | AdaGrams                     | 11/3, 11/8, 11/10: Coworking & Office                  |
| Lightning Talks    | Intro to Lightning Talks     |                                                        |
| Lightning Talks    | Technical Lightning Talks    |                                                        |

## Precourse Live

> For specific topics, we will host optional Precourse Live sessions in the [Auditorium Zoom Room](aud-accel.adadev.org) from 4:30-6:30 PST on the following dates to certain topics in more depth. We encourage you to attend any sessions where you feel extra review of the topic would strengthen your understanding of the material. 

Reviewer: The zoom links were broken for me in preview mode; when I updated them locally to the full url as below it successfully opened from the Learn preview.

```suggestion
For specific topics, we will host optional Precourse Live sessions in the [Auditorium Zoom Room](http://aud-accel.adadev.org) from 4:30-6:30 PST on the following dates to certain topics in more depth. We encourage you to attend any sessions where you feel extra review of the topic would strengthen your understanding of the material. 
```

Precourse Live will be presented in a [flipped-classroom](https://omerad.msu.edu/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=162:what-why-and-how-to-implement-a-flipped-classroom-model&catid=27:teaching) style. We will expect students to have reviewed content prior to the session. In class, students have the opportunity to ask questions, review concepts, and work on exercises.

| Date                  | Session Focus                                     | 
|:---------------------:| :------------------------------------------------:|
| Tuesday, October 18   | Environment Setup Coworking                       |
| Thursday, October 20  | Python Fundamentals                               |
| Tuesday, October 25   | Intro to Debugging, Dev Environment Tips & Tricks |
| Thursday, October 27  | Python Nested Data, Functions, & Helper Functions |

> | Tuesday, November 1   | Git                                               |

Reviewer: If we expand the Git description in the table above, we should probably use the same one here.

| Thursday, November 3  | Coworking & Office Hours                          |
| Tuesday, November 8   | Coworking & Office Hours                          |     
| Thursday, November 10 | Coworking & Office Hours                          |

## Accessing Help

> In addition to Precourse Live, we will have instructor and TA office hours available for student questions. We also have the #study-hall channel in Slack available for questions and the Study Hall Zoom at [accel-study-hall.adadev.org](accel-study-hall.adadev.org) where you can meet to work through content with peers. We encourage you to lean on your fellow Adies as well as instructors and TAs for help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to Precourse Live, we will have instructor and TA office hours available for student questions. We also have the #study-hall channel in Slack available for questions and the Study Hall Zoom at [accel-study-hall.adadev.org](http://accel-study-hall.adadev.org) where you can meet to work through content with peers. We encourage you to lean on your fellow Adies as well as instructors and TAs for help!
```
